get everybody and welcome to another
youtube video review today we're going
to be having a look at something that
I've been hanging out for for a very
long time in the Marvel world in the
Marvel Universe world even just for
having on the shelf display world and
that is a Infinity Gauntlet as worn by
Thanos and as you can see here just like
the big foam Hulk hands and thing hands
and I think they breed released the Hulk
hands for The Avengers movie at the San
Diego Comic Con convention this year the
2014 hopefully that speaking out for you
there he was or this was a part of an
exclusive set that came out it featured
basically the glove which was displayed
on that and then around the top here
there was four figures there was the
North's death nebula and I can't
remember the third the fourth one but I
know there was four figures so anyway if
you do a bit of a Google search for
Infinity Gauntlet SD CC 2014 you'll
probably see this but anyway I was after
the glove and luckily was able to find
it being sold on its own and it is
brilliant as I said it fits quite nicely
onto the hand there so there's my arm
going in and it really does look great
it's basically for the left hand so you
can't wear it on your right hand I
suppose you can but it look a bit weird
and you can see the fingers there in the
molding so for those who don't know
about the impending gauntlets
it's basically what Thanos is trying to
to always have to control the stones or
the soul gems so he can control the
universe and so each gem has a different
power so the one on the back here you
can see is green which allows the user
to steal control manipulate and alter
souls living or dead the orange one
allows the user total control over the
past present and future allows time
travel the purple one is space allows
the user to exist in any or all
locations or move any object anywhere
throughout reality blue controls the
mind lasers are used to greatly
strengthen enhance mental and psionic
power and access the thoughts and dreams
of other beings yellow is the one for
reality to fulfill wishes and red Xs all
power
energies that ever has or will exist or
can boost other gems effects so you can
greatly see that if you were holding on
to this glove and had all these stones
then you would be very much in control
now the other great thing about this
piece is I don't know if you can pick it
up there on the yellow stone I'll try
and focus it on that you can see there
that we have some skulls imprinted into
the stone you can see there hopefully
onto the blue hopefully that's picking
up and you can see on the yellow and
that is throughout all the stones which
are fantastic the best thing about them
too is they're all squishy so you can
see they have a bit of life to them nice
clear acrylic plastic and they are
fantastic so really recommend this I
know there's a few on eBay they're going
for exorbitant prices luckily I was able
to find a great price to buy mine
especially because I will it lose sort
of them after the other figures but if
you're a Marvel Universe fan you're
definitely going to want to probably get
your hands on one of these I'm sure
they'll rerelease it no doubt closer to
maybe an Avengers 3 movie or less than
us makes a bit of an appearance in
Avengers 2 so anyway thanks for watching
keep subscribing lots of reviews to do
today so a couple of Hulk figures or
Hulk figures from the Infinity game some
Marvel Select figures I know they're
been out for a while but I finally got
my hands on them and the guardians of
the galaxy set with the Builder figure
Groot that I'll be doing a review on as
well so anyway thanks for watching keep
subscribing thanks for those who had
like the Facebook page Cheers